1. Problem Definition
To define the right problem, identify the right problem statement, ideally formulate the problem mathematically
	Bad Problem Statement: Want to increase the sale of the company -> Why bad? It lacks any kind of specifications
	Continue ask questions to stakeholder:
		- Want to focus on one of sales channel "Agent Distribution Channel"?
		- Want to improve product portfolio or agent productivity efficiency?
		- Want to focus on new or existing agent produtivity efficiency?
		- Want to focus on new agent productivity efficiency for first 3 / 6/ 12 months?
	Good Problem Statement: Want to inrease the productivity of sales agent for first 6 months

2. Hypothesis Generation
List down all hypothesis which might solve the problem
List down ll possible variables, which might influence problem objective
Example: What are factors, those can impact the credit score of customer?
	- Income: Higher Income means higher chance of financial stability that may lead to higher score
	- Job Type: if job is more stable that can also lead to higher credit score. Example: Front End Sales job is less stable than data science job
	- Past credit history: Your previous good repayment behaviour suggest that you know how to use credit products and that leads to higher score
	- Edution: Higher education is directly proportionate to awareness about the use of credit products and that may impact the repayment ratio

3. Data Extraction / Collection

4. Data Exploration and Transformation
This stage helps to understand the hidden trend of data, data cleaning and data transformation
	4.1 Variable Identification
	4.2 Univariable Analysis
	4.3 Bivariable Analysis
	4.4 Missing Value Treatment
	4.5 Outlier Treatment
	4.6 Variable Transformation

5. Predictive Modeling
It is a process to create statistical model for estimating/ predicting the future behaviour based on past data.
Example: A retail bank wants to know the default behaviour of its credit card customers. 
	     They want to predict the probability of default for each customer within next 3 months.
			- Probability of default would lie between 0 and 1
			- Assume 10% of customers will default in the next 3 months
Steps of predict modeling:
	1. Algorithm Selection: Have dependent variable? Yes: Supervised Learning; No: Unsupervised Learning
	2. Training Model: Is a process to learn relationship/ correlation between independent and dependent variables; 
	3. Prediction/Scoring: It is a process to estimate/ predict dependent variable of test data set by applying model rules

6. Model Deployment / Implementation
is a process to serve model estimation to users & We can also deploy model results to develop data driven products